# BookDB
BookDB is a website about books. It has a registration function connected to a database, it has the option for filtering the books by their genres, it has a wishlist page, and an account page where you can see your username, email, and change your password. For the password functionality, it basically searches for your ID, then you introduce your old password (it is required to remember it), and then your new one. After that, it runs some SQL code in the background that changes your password in the database.
For the wishlist, I also used some JavaScript for the button to add and remove items from the list. So, when you click to add a book to your wishlist, the button changes its label and functionality to "remove from wishlist."
The interface is user-friendly, very aesthetic, and pleasing to go through content. It doesn't have a complex design but rather an efficient one, as you can see some hover effects that have a nice feeling to the eyes.
The registration and the validation process are made with sessions, so the content can be accessed only by an actual user (searching for a "user_id").
The log-out option (which is also a page) works as a session too, but it also adds the session_unset and destroy option with the redirection to the login page. In this way, by only clicking the log-out button, you become disconnected.
It is a page with big potential, well-structured, and a lot of things can be added to it. For instance, moving it from a prototype-kind of page and adding some payment options, a comments section, reviews, etc.
For what it is at this moment, it's a nice page.
